PROJ-191 :: Updated mm to cm (#112)
SW805F20/report: sections/sprint-1/experiment.tex

The settings can be changed at a later point to try to increase the update rate to a level where the latency for the users is acceptable.\\
The experiment was set up as shown on \autoref{fig:experiment-setup}.
The experiment was conducted indoors on our campus in the building Novi 9.

> The anchors \texttt{0x632b} (anchor 3) and \texttt{0x676e} (anchor 1) were mounted on a wall 240 centimeters apart, and the remaining anchors \texttt{0x6738} (anchor 3) and \texttt{0x676c} (anchor 4) were mounted on a bulletin board.\\

Reviewer: Hvor er anchor 2?

> The anchors \texttt{0x632b} (anchor 3) and \texttt{0x676e} (anchor 1) were mounted on a wall 240 centimeters apart, and the remaining anchors \texttt{0x6738} (anchor 3) and \texttt{0x676c} (anchor 4) were mounted on a bulletin board.\\

Author: ```suggestion
The anchors \texttt{0x676e} (anchor 1) and \texttt{0x6e2b} (anchor 2) were mounted on a wall 240 centimeters apart, and the remaining anchors \texttt{0x6738} (anchor 3) and \texttt{0x676c} (anchor 4) were mounted on a bulletin board.\\
```
